[docs] Update minimum TypeScript version to 3.2 (#21197)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/typescript/typescript.md

<p class="description">You can add static typing to JavaScript to improve developer productivity and code quality thanks to TypeScript.</p>

> Have a look at the [Create React App with TypeScript](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/create-react-app-with-typescript) example. A minimum version of TypeScript 3.2 is required.

Author: How about the following?

```suggestion
Material-UI requires a minimum version of TypeScript 3.2.

Have a look at the [Create React App with TypeScript](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/create-react-app-with-typescript) example.
```

Or maybe the minimum version should go into https://material-ui.com/getting-started/supported-platforms?

Reviewer: > Or maybe the minimum version should go into https://material-ui.com/getting-started/supported-platforms?

We have already mentioned this in the past, much agree 👍

Author: To summarise, do you want the minimum version to be 3.2 on both pages?

Reviewer: I guess it would help too?

> Have a look at the [Create React App with TypeScript](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/create-react-app-with-typescript) example. A minimum version of TypeScript 3.2 is required.

Author: Or perhaps using the wording from https://material-ui.com/getting-started/supported-platforms/#react:

```suggestion
Material-UI supports the most recent versions of TypeScript, starting with ^3.2.1.

Have a look at the [Create React App with TypeScript](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/tree/master/examples/create-react-app-with-typescript) example.
```

I picked `3.2.1` due to 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2852660/82860854-d3cee200-9f12-11ea-9624-fd4f660fe8fd.png) but I guess it doesn't matter hugely.

<p class="description">You can add static typing to JavaScript to improve developer productivity and code quality thanks to TypeScript.</p>

> Material-UI requires a minimum version of TypeScript 3.2.

Reviewer 2: If Material-UI requires 3.2 the demo can't have 2.8 as a minimum, no?
